>> Francesca Sadikin: So conjured items,
the thing we were supposed to do.
Here we go,
we're going to start with the test.
>> Francesca Sadikin: Let's see,
too many described blocks, right.
There we go, so
I'm going to create a new describe block.
This is called conjured items.
>> Francesca Sadikin: And
let's read this again.
So, conjured items degrade in quality
twice as fast as normal items.
So, based off of this wording,
my interpretation is that it should
behave like a regular regular item,
the only difference is that it
degrades the quality twice as fast
versus by one, right, in this case.
I'm going to say that it should degrade
quality twice as fast as normal items.
>> Francesca Sadikin: So I'm gonna
create my new gildedRose shop, and
inside of it I'm gonna create
multiple items this time.
Because the immediate thing that I'm
thinking about in terms of edge conditions
is, I need to handle casing, like I wanna
make sure this works, whether it's.
Lowercase, uppercase, capitalized.
So I'm gonna start off with conjured
cat with the selling of five and
a quality of 10.
Then add other items here,
I'm gonna do capitalized
conjured cup selling 10.
Quality 20, and
then a third one doing uppercase
CONJURED hat with selling of 15,
quality of 30.
So now I'm going to grab items
off of gildedRose.updateQuality.
And now I can, let's check the sellIn,
just making sure that it really,
we're going to be
decrementing it as expected.
So the first item's
sellIn is going to be 4.
We passed, yeah, because it's just
going through the default handler.
So item (0).quality is
now going to be 8 and
now it's failing, okay.
So now this is where we should pause and
just make this pass first.
So I'm gonna close this side window,
open this up back to the right.
Take a look here,
to make conjured items past,
I'm going to create a new handler.
Right, we're gonna continue
this pattern here.
Sorry, not handler,
I'm gonna call it conjured.
It takes an item in the function and
so far,
we've determined that
the items sellIn continues
to decrement by 1 and
that the quality now decrements by 2.
I click save, nothing happens because
we have to actually use this handler.
So I can see that, the switch between
the handlers happen at this line.
And I could keep adding to this
conditional right here, but
it's starting to get a little overloaded.
And so, I'm actually going to extract
this out into a new function.
I'm gonna call this one,
getHandlerName, which takes an item.
And so I'm gonna transfer this over,
so the default case is that it
always returns default, right?
Then here's the next one.
We add if object has own item, handler,
item name, we return item.name.
And then just to make sure
that everything's working,
I'm just going to pass this in,
call this right here.
Yeap, everything's still
passing except for our new one.
So now let's actually write the new
logic to make it switch to conjured.
So simple enough, we just check that
the name includes conjured, okay?
And then we return conjured.
Okay, so that test is passing, but
we have a few more to take care of,
let's check the next items,
quality, so to be 18, okay.
Now this is failing again, and
that is because, as we thought,
we needed to handle the casing.
So that's simple enough, the plan is
to convert this all to a lower case.
Before we check that conjured is inside.
So now that passes, and I believe that
that handles the next case as well.
Quality to be 28, there we go.
Okay, so we have a few more, though.
The other behavior of a default
item is that it should
degrade quality twice as fast.
So once sellIn has passed.
I'm going to create a new one that says,
it should degrade quality twice
as fast when sellIn has passed.
That's fine, I will keep that name.
Should degrade quality twice
as fast once sellIn passed.
>> Francesca Sadikin: So
gonna create my new gildedRose shop.
Going to check that quality
once that's passed.
Okay, so gonna give it conjured cat again.
SellIn is 0, and now quality is 10.
So if I grab items off of
gildedRose.updateQuality,
I now expect that that first
item's quality is going to be,
so doubling of what.
The normal one was is like decreasing
it by 4, so I expect it to be 6.
So this is failing because we actually
need to write the code to make this pass.
So we come back up here to the handler.
What I'm gonna do,
just wrap this another logic here.
If item, sellIn is greater than 0,
we decrement by 2,
otherwise we decrement by 4.
Okay, so this is passing now we have yet
another one.
In that we should never have
a negative quality value.
So, should never have
>> Francesca Sadikin: Well,
syntax, here we go.
Here's my new gildedRose Shop.
Single, let's put an item
here called conjure cat.
We have a sellInof,
we can have any positive 1, so like a 2.
And this time I wanna check that
like even if we subtract by 2 or
4 in these cases It will never go past 0.
So, I'm gonna give it 1 instead and
I'm now going to check that,
if we call updateQuality we spec that
first items quality to be 0, right?
Cuz this was going to
just subtract by two, but
we wanted to make sure that
it's always gonna be zero.
I think I have a syntax issue,
dildedRose yeah,
a bunch of stuff outside
of the test block.
There we go, here we go.
Okay, yes.
So, now we are receiving -1,
but we expected 0.
So we can make that code work again.
We can just say if item.quality is less
than 0, we set it back to 0, okay?
So, we have our test passing and
before we wrap this up.
I'm actually noticing one
more round of refactoring.
I'm noticing that this and
this is very similar, right?
It looks almost exactly the same.
The only difference is that it
decrements by 1 and 2 versus 2 and 4.
So I am actually going to do
another refactor to try and
combine these two functions together.
So what I would ideally like to do to
call here is, I wanna call ItemHandler.
I want to call the default one and
give it the Value, right?
So, in this case I'm like I want it to
start by 2, I'm going to click Save this
is gonna break a bunch of stuff because
I didn't actually make this work yet,
but yeah you can see the conjured
items it's not being handled.
So, we need to adjust
the default function now.
So I said I wanted to give it a value,
so I'm going to provide another
argument called decrementValue
which I will default to 1.
So that in all the other cases if no
one passes is anything it's going
to work as normal when I use that here,
and then multiply it by 2 here.
And so now we have a cleaned
up conjured handler and
we're just going to reuse the default
handler's logic, okay, that is it.
That is the exercise,
[LAUGH] we're done, we're finally done.